It does not matter which folder is executed first/if all or only one is executed because all of the .csv files needed for each part of the code are included within the folders

Each folder corresponds to a defferent part of the project, including: 

1. GoogleBooksAPI - used to get modern book data from Google Books API
2. Modelling - the LDA, SOM and Kmeans modelling (with all of the preprocessing) for modern and Classical books
3. Recommendation System - the final recommendation system that produces classical book recommendations 
4. Shiny - the R Shiny User Interface

How to run the code? The method varies from folder to folder, I'll be outlining below the general methods.

GoogleBooksAPI folder: 
1. it's a '.ipynb' file which is a Google Colab file
2. after downloading 'BookInfo.ipynb', import it to Google Colab
3. Run the code in Google Collab
4. After running the code, there will be a field to enter an ISBN number, which is what is used to get the book data
5. Some books have many different ISBN numbers, if the first one doesn't work then re-run the code and try a different one
6. the output (title, author, summary) of the accepted ISBN books will be saved into a 'books.csv' file 



Modelling folder:
1. The folder includes 2 sub-folders: one for modern books the other one for classical books; the method for running them is the same
2. Download the target sub-folder with all of the .csv files within
3. import the '.ipynb' file into Google Colab
4. the code can be then run in either Google Colab or copy-pasted into RStudio and executed there
5. If the code is run in Google Colab, the .csv files within the folder will need to be uploaded to the Google Colab (the folder icon on the right side)
6. If the code is run in RStudio, you'll need to set working directory ( setwd(" ") put the working directory as the folder in which the .csv files are contained)
7. Run the code, there should be no errors

For the classical books folder specifically:
There are less .csv files than in modern books folder because the classical book data is gained through the code (through the gutenbergr package)



Recommendation System folder:
1. the code is, in general, the same as with the UI (Shiny folder)
2. the code is in '.ipynb' format, it should be uploaded to Google Colab for access
3. the code can be then run in either Google Colab or copy-pasted into RStudio and executed there
4. If the code is run in Google Colab, the .csv files within the folder will need to be uploaded to the Google Colab (the folder icon on the right side)
5. If the code is run in RStudio, you'll need to set working directory ( setwd(" ") put the working directory as the folder in which the .csv files are contained)
6. Run the code, there should be no errors



Shiny folder:
1. Download the whole folder
2. open the 3 R files in RStudio
3. Make sure that the Shiny package (and all the packages listed at the top of server.r file) are installed
4. At the top right corner click 'Run App' on either of the 3 files, after which the UI will open
5. All the CSV files needed for the code to execute are contained within the Shiny folder already
